>[!Danger]
>This page is not intended for Players to read, it ***Will*** include story spoilers and/or give away important information.


- 700 years ago - Powerful Dragonborn Clerics, of gods for each Dragonborn Element, came together to terraform the island. Creating a single place of peace and worship for each Dragonborn Deity
- The Four Powerful Clerics belonged  to one of each of the Cardinal Gods
	- __ the White - Astilibor - Cold
	- __ the Black - Null - Acid
	- __ the Brass - Garyx - Fire
	- __ the Green - Tamara - Poison
- 
- **(Secret History) 700 years ago** - 4 Dragonborn Clerics came together to create an ideal living space for any Dragonborn that wishes to live there, their names now lost to time. For this aim an island was chosen, uninhabited by sentients. Here, on the island now named Q'ba, each cleric made a wish to their deity for a part of the island to be terraformed in order to become a place of divine worship for each of their Draconic gods, now known as the Four Cardinal Gods;
	- **Astilabor** - Goddess of acquisitiveness and Trickery. In the north she formed her space of divine worship into a range of mountains, covered in frost and snow. Here the land was sown with ore and gemstones abundantly.
	- **Null** - The God of death and dead dragons. In the east he cast marshes and land so acid that the life created to inhabit the space was specialised, unable to spread to the land beyond it's border.
	- **Garyx** - God of Fire, Destruction and Renewal. In the south he created a desert, one which scolded the feet of those who first dared to travel across it's baren scape. Here, at night, the skies are alit with a raging lighting storm, with rain that drenches the sands below, only to once again become boiled by the sun's temper.
	- **Tamara** - The Goddess of mercy and healing. She crafted the west into a dense forest, filled with herbs and root, brimming with healing potential. The forest here was also home to many animals who had been misplaced by the terraforming elsewhere on the island, leading to a bounty of rich flora and fauna, which thrived around this fertile soil.
- **(Secret History) A short time later** - The Four Cardinal Gods each claimed domains on Q'ba, that any who may wish to serve in their name, may have their will over how to do so.
	- **Astilabor** - He claimed Knowledge, for a thirst for knowledge is also a thirst of acquisition. He also claimed Trickery, for who should know trickery greater than that of someone coveting great wealth.
	- **Null** - Here Null claimed Death and War, for death is his friend, and deaths friend is war. 
	- **Garyx** - Claiming Light and Tempest came naturally to him, for these were the raging desert lands, and each of these live in abundance.
	- **Tamara** - Life and Nature breathe deeply among the forests, and under her domain, she brings them.
- **650 years ago (Secret History)** - With the passing of the last forming Cleric, a leadership ideology was born - The Crown. It was The Crown who decided how the land should be ruled, this included succession, and the role of any, if any, advisors.
- **300 years ago (Part Known History)** - With the passing of The Crown a war erupts. The Crown passed his succession, not to his only son, but to a commoner. Known among the folk for their hard work and leadership, there was rarely a problem that he was not consulted on. This enraged the son, famous for his indifference of the hardships endured by the masses and caring only for the "righteousness" of noble blood. In this war within the city there were many deaths and much of the city burned. The Son died during this battle, and The Crown was gravely injured. The Crown was passed to the healer that tried to save him, her rule was restorative and prosperous. The rebuilding led to the castle tower as it stands today, the area untouched by war is known as "The Old Town".
- **(Part Known History)** This battle of Benevolence and Power caught the attention of Bahamut and Tiamat, bringing their worship to the island as the Binary Gods of Justice and Tyranny.
- In Q'ba, Four Cardinal Gods are worshiped by the dragonborn:
	- **Astilabor** - Goddess of acquisitiveness and trickery. The deity of the northern mountains, rich with gems and precious metals. They command the domains of Knowledge and Trickery.
	- **Null** - The God of death and dead dragons. The deity of the east, presiding over acid marshes. They command the domains of Death and War.
	- **Garyx** - God of Fire, Destruction and Renewal. The deity of the southern deserts. Home to scorching sun by day, and raging lightning storms by night. They command the domains of Light and Tempest.
	- **Tamara** - The Goddess of mercy and healing. The deity of the West, residing over the dense forest lands and all within. They command the domains of Life and Nature.
- **70 years ago** - Pirates sieged the island of [[Q'ba]], firing canons from ships at sea. [[Draumur 'Greenscale' Funahjarta]], a powerful Cleric and follower of [[Garyx]] called to his [[List of Deities]] to create a lightning storm, destroying the pirates ships and saving the island.
- **65 years ago** - Due to his heroics against the pirates, [[Draumur 'Greenscale' Funahjarta|Draumur]] is chosen to be [[Succession of The Crown|Successor]] to [[The Crown]].
- **40 years ago** - a fleet of ships were spotted off the coast of Q'ba. A row boat approached the docks, the ships contained humans, some who had a scholarly interest in the island, and others who had joined them to settle on the island with them. The leader of the humans, Francis Roberts, was the first to leave the row boat which entered port where he met The Crown, Draumur, the father of Ygerdern. Draumur had come to the port as the ships were a cause for concern, however Francis Roberts put forward his proposition of research on the island. Draumur, The Crown, cautiously agreed to let the humans settle, though each must be catalogued as the enter the island. Francis Roberts was given the title of Human Envoy, and responsibility of the behaviour of humans was ultimately on him.
- Humans brought with them their own god, Ilmatar, The One who Endures. It is under this god that the humans bare great workload and through this hard work do they bring understanding of agriculture and healing.
- **(Unknown History)** Francis Roberts secretly follows the deity The Morrigan, and thirsts for power.
- As time passed from the human landing, technology and knowledge passed from human to dragonborn which allowed for improved crop yield, increased healing abilities, as well as many other things. Times on the island were fruitful and Q'ba become much closer to self-sufficiency, allowing increased trade exports and fewer needs for imports. In the 40 years since, human life has boomed on the island, with the population of humans outgrowing that of dragonborn.
- **30 years ago** - Draumur succeeded The Crown to his son, Ygerdern, and some short years later passed on. Shortly after Ygerdern's succession named his council of The Three as is tradition, but Ygerdern granted council to a fourth member, Francis Roberts, naming him Secretary to Humanity. Such a bond between dragonborn and human was a great gift to be bestowed.
- **11 years ago** - Ygerdern the Golden died an elder, upon his death his will was that The Crown should be passed to Francis Roberts the Foreign, as with his leadership life for all on Q'ba had gained many boons. This decision was seconded by the son of Ygerdern, Leifr.
- Throughout this time Francis Roberts had been sending out, or performing first hand, research across the island in order to understand the geographical landscape and it's potentially magical origins.
- **10 years ago** - Francis Roberts introduces the first change in taxes upon the island. This change leads to an increase in non-human tax payments, the purpose for this tax increase is due to the inequitable amount of income received from the human race due to their higher population rates (5%). Improving equity among the human and non-human races is the given validation for such a tax. It is met with harsh words and dispute, but thanks to Francis Roberts' history with the island the law is passed without great effort.
- In this same year Francis Roberts moved on from Ygerdern's council. The Three were stepped down from their positions. Francis Roberts made a break from tradition and instated 4 members to his council.
- **9 Years ago** - human population had continued increasing, now at over 10% more population than the dragonborn, and as such this non-human tax was increased. This modification was sent through his council and passed without concern.
- Over the next year, many dragonborn who were able left the island, their home for many generations, over concerns for their ability to continue to pay the taxes.
- **7 years ago** - Due to the rising challenges of paying the non-human tax many dragonborn fell into poverty, those who were the most destitute had borrowed loans from humans in order to pay the taxes and were now with no way to return the costs.
- **6 years ago** - With no way of repaying lost loans to humans, some dragonborn began loves of servitude to their now masters. Many dragonborn houses which had been noble for generations had fallen out of wealth and too were struggling to keep up with the monetary power the humans now had. This led to protests and small scale riots. In response human guards used force, and the council of Francis Roberts were renamed Keepers of the Peace.
- **4 years ago** - With many of the most impoverished dragonborn now in service to humans the symbol of Ilmatar is enforced across the island, the Four Cardinal Gods are slowly limited in following among dragonborn. 
- **2 years ago** - The land of the desert is nearly uninhabited by dragonborn, but for a nomad tribe. In the last year, the blasts of lightning throughout the night has significantly waned. 
- Leifr, son of Ygerdern, disappears from the public eye.
- **1 Year ago** - Seemingly coordinated attacks on food caravans between the farms and the city began. Within a week guards increased on food caravans, attacks did not last long. This was merely a spark, but that of rebellion.
- ***This year*** 
	- Talk of rebellion is muttered under hushed breathes in back alleys, the thought alone considered treason. Hooded people gathering in back alleys can only be considered a rumour. The news has not reported an attack on patrolling guards for months.
	- The power of the Four Cardinal Gods wavers and the desert storm has weakened. It rages with ferocity still, but only once a week. A far sight from the nightly event it once was.
	- Conversion of the acid marshes by humans started, the aim is to terraform the area for eventual conversion to allow much increased farming potential.
	- The Dwarves and Goblins, known wide for their harvesting of riches in the mountains have not been seen in some time, leading to rumours that they have found some way of leaving the island.
	- The port continues to bustle with the trade of many nations, with cargo passing through on its way to a final destination the island has long been a great rest point for entertainment and stocking up on supplies.
	- The Crowns daughter, Princess Frances Roberts has not been seen in many months. Previously known for her friendship with fellow islanders, especially those who she went to school with, many of whom were noble born dragonborn from houses now fallen.
	- King Francis Roberts continues to be seen in public, a show of strength against those wanting him out of the picture.
- ***Now*** - Your actions in the past year have been noticed, you receive a message through a trusted source. It reads "The Rebellion begins. - L" Coordinates are given below. You decide to follow, who knows where it might take you.