>[!Note]
>This page is not intended for players to read, but for the DM to perform as an introduction to the world. However all information provided here should already be known history to player characters and therefore should not spoil anything if read ahead of time.


#proofread Barely more than a decade ago, the island of [[Q'ba]] prospered. A utopia for [[Dragonborn]] , the island sits alone in the Great Sea. The [[Dragonborn]] islanders here are devout followers of their dragon deities, known here as the [[The Four Cardinal Gods]], each of them designated by the elements of dragon kin, these we shall meet later. The island is split into 6 regions of note. Near the centre of the island, atop a grand plateu sits [[Drakenholm]], the grand city of the island. This city is home to a large majority of the population, it's grandiose upper quarters home to the nobility of the island and adorned with the main castle. This castle ascends skyward, high above anything else on the island, covered in scales of every colour it glistens in the light of high noon and hues change with the angle of light through every hour of the day. Here in the castle sits [[The Crown]], the leader of the island, [[Ygerdern 'the Golden' Funahjarta]]. Looking out of his keep he looks over [[Old Town]], where the common folk live, here the housing is much more plain. Buildings built generations ago, with newer buildings crammed into spaces for density it becomes labyrinthine for any who do not know the area well. The common folk who do not work the fields nearby instead work within the [[The Bread Forge]]. Here smoke bellows from chimneys from many buildings of industry whether they be bakeries, smiths or smelters, the coals burn hot. These are but a few of the towns districts.
On the southern face of the island sits a bustling trade port, in the modern day known as [[Kin's Landing]]. Here the smell of the salty air is penetrated by freshly caught fish, and wafts of tobacco: both the bagged leaves and the smoke from sailor's pipes. Seadogs spend their days on land entertaining themselves at the nearby ale houses and brothels, or restocking on supplies before they continue on to their end destinations.

The four main regions of the island are split amongst the . Situated in the north are the snow swept mountains and hills of [[Astilabor's Peak]]. The land here is rich with precious metals, gems and minerals, here live non-humans such as [[Dwarf]] and [[Goblin]], spending their days harvesting the earth below. This region is the domain of [[Astilabor]] - Goddess of Acquisitiveness and Trickery.
In the east sits marsh lands, the land and water here is hostile and acidic, the domain of [[Null]] - God of Death and Dead Dragons. That which lives here has specialised to thrive among the acid.
The southern plains are home to [[Garyx]] - God of Fire, Destruction and Renewal. Here the land is covered by a scorching desert and home to few nomadic tribes. At night the scolding sun disappears and is replaced by a storm, which rages with lightning and thunder, and torrents with rain. 
The western forests are home to an abundance of flora and fauna, as well as a community of [[Dryad]], whose eggs were planted on the island during a visit from a  travelling druid circle as a statement of the forests beauty. This is the domain of [[Tamara]] - Goddess of Mercy and Healing.
Of course, scattered across the land sit villages of varying size and population, and freshwater flows throughout the island.

Unfortunately, however, the paradise on [[Q'ba]] has been brought to an end. 11 years ago [[Ygerdern 'the Golden' Funahjarta]] died, having lived a long life and brought affluence aplenty to those who live there, especially with the help of his close ally, [[Francis Roberts]]. [[Francis Roberts]] is a [[Human]], the leader of a research expedition which settled among the [[Dragonborn]] on [[Q'ba]]. Here their sharing of technology and medicine helped the island populace thrive. Such close alliance meant that when [[Ygerdern 'the Golden' Funahjarta]] died he chose his successor to be [[Francis Roberts]].

In the 10 years since, [[Francis Roberts]] has made life for [[Dragonborn]] and [[Non-Human List]] alike on the island difficult through taxation and religious oppression. The once glorious [[Dragonborn]] now find themselves in servitude to humans, [[Non-Human List]] among the island have become a rare sight, and the remaining strength of [[The Four Cardinal Gods]] has been brought into question for the desert storm has waned, only appearing once every few days, though still with ferocity.

Over the last year, ***you*** have been working with a group of rebels, helping the cause in your own ways. Today that work comes to fruition when you receive a letter through a trusted source. The letter reads; "The Rebellion Begins. - L" Below this, coordinates are given, you decide to follow them, who knows what adventures might await...
